>> Richard Feldman: So we're gonna start
off in this advanced directory here.
So you should have
the workshop checked out, and
you should be inside
the advanced directory.
If you look inside the directory,
you'll see a variety of other
directories and a README.
So the README sort of describes
general instructions for
getting set up with this which
hopefully you've already gone through.
At the end there are some links.
And then the server holds on to
the back-end, which you should already
have up and running over to
the side in some different tab,
which we'll leave running throughout
the course of the workshop,
because we're gonna be
hitting it on every exercise.
So we're gonna start with part one so
we'll cd into there.
Inside this directory we can see we've
got a README, a source directory and
elm.json and some compiled stuff.
You actually may not
have the compiled stuff,
because I have this from
the last time I ran through this.
But you may not see the elm.js or
elm stuff, but
let's fire up our editor of choice.
I'm gonna be using Adam, but any editor
you like to use should be totally fine.
And we're gonna take a look
at the README for part one.
So it starts off by just giving
me some basic build instructions.
So we're going to elm make src/Main and
output it to ../server/public/elm.js.
That way it ends up in the assets
directory of the server.
And no matter which part we're in,
this will jam it into
the correct place in the server.
And then when we bring up
localhost:3000 in the browser,
we will be able to see
the results of what we've done.
Having said that,
in general these exercises,
they pretty much tend to be about
making the code compile again.
So probably don't need to do
a whole lot with the browser,
except when we get to
the decoding section.
And so we can start off by making
sure it compiles to begin with,
which it does, great.
And the excercise itself has to
do with src/Viewer/Cred.elm.
So let's take a look at that.
Okay, so here's our TODO, it says
basically, make Cred an opaque type,
then fix the resulting compiler errors.
Afterwards, it should no
longer be possible for
any other module to access
this token value directly.
So this token refers to the access
token that we're going to
attach onto HTTP requests.
And one of the things that I wanted to
guarantee about these credentials is that
that token is an implementation detail
that is opaque to the rest of the world.
None of the other modules outside of Cred
get to know what that token's format is.
Which means that if the server,
the back-end team decides they want
to change from JWT to something else.
I can say, not a problem,
just tell me what the format is,
I will change it in this module.
And I can guarantee that that will
not cause any regressions on anyone
else's code.
Because guess what, nobody else's code
outside this module could possibly
be relying on it,
they don't have access to it.
So that's what we want to get to.
Right now,
this is exposed to the whole world.
Anyone can say cred.token and
access it directly,
because we've just done a type alias.
So what we want to do is use
the techniques we just talked about
to convert this into an opaque type.